README.md, before:

# Get started with Vue.js and MapLibre GL JS

Quick way to star a web map application with MapLibre GL JS using Vue.js.

A simple fullscreen map application as an example on how to use MapTiler maps together with Vue.js and MapLibre GL JS for your own Vue.js app.

1. Clone this repo 
 
  ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/maptiler/get-started-vuejs-maplibre-gl-js.git my-vuejs-map
  ```

2. Navigate to the newly created project folder **my-vuejs-map**
  ```sh
    cd my-vuejs-map
  ```

3. Install dependencies
  ```sh
    npm install
  ```

4. :warning: Open the App.vue file and replace **YOUR_MAPTILER_API_KEY_HERE** with your actual [MapTiler API key](https://cloud.maptiler.com/account/keys/).

  :information_source: If you don't have an API KEY you can create it for **FREE** at https://www.maptiler.com/cloud/

5. Start your local environment
  ```sh
    npm run serve
  ```

6. You will find your app on address http://localhost:8080/. Now you should see the map in your browser.

## Build With

* [Vue.js](https://vuejs.io/start)
* [MapLibre GL JS](https://maplibre.org/)
* [MapTiler](https://www.maptiler.com/)
* [vue-maplibre-gl](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vue-maplibre-gl)

This project was generated with [Vue.js CLI](https://cli.vuejs.org/).

## Learn More

You can learn more at [How to display a map in Vue.js using MapLibre GL JS](https://docs.maptiler.com/vuejs/maplibre-gl-js/how-to-use-maplibre-gl-js/).

Commit message:

WM-1472 add UTM to link and add license

README.md, after:

# Get started with Vue.js and MapLibre GL JS

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Quick way to star a web map application with MapLibre GL JS using Vue.js.

A simple fullscreen map application as an example on how to use MapTiler maps together with Vue.js and MapLibre GL JS for your own Vue.js app.

1. Clone this repo 
 
  ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/maptiler/get-started-vuejs-maplibre-gl-js.git my-vuejs-map
  ```

2. Navigate to the newly created project folder **my-vuejs-map**
  ```sh
    cd my-vuejs-map
  ```

3. Install dependencies
  ```sh
    npm install
  ```

4. :warning: Open the App.vue file and replace **YOUR_MAPTILER_API_KEY_HERE** with your actual [MapTiler API key](https://cloud.maptiler.com/account/keys/).

  :information_source: If you don't have an API KEY you can create it for **FREE** at https://www.maptiler.com/cloud/

5. Start your local environment
  ```sh
    npm run serve
  ```

6. You will find your app on address http://localhost:8080/. Now you should see the map in your browser.

## Build With

* [Vue.js](https://vuejs.io/start)
* [MapLibre GL JS](https://maplibre.org/)
* [MapTiler](https://www.maptiler.com/)
* [vue-maplibre-gl](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vue-maplibre-gl)

This project was generated with [Vue.js CLI](https://cli.vuejs.org/).

## Learn More

You can learn more at [How to display a map in Vue.js using MapLibre GL JS](https://docs.maptiler.com/vuejs/maplibre-gl-js/how-to-use-maplibre-gl-js/?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=github&utm_campaign=2022-05%20%7C%20js%20frameworks%20%7C%20vue.js%20).

<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
